Instructions for ICS 111 midterm 2 practice. This is to practice Object Oriented Programming(OOP) and other concepts.
Files needed: Employee.java, Work.java, and Employee.txt

Employee Class:
Variables needed:  1. Employee Number (Integer)
                   2. First Name  (String)
                   3. Last Name (String)
                   4. Hourly Pay (Double)
             
Methods needed:    1. Constructor Method (should take all 4 variables) 
                   2. Mutator Methods for all variables
                   3. Accessor Methods for all variables
                   4. toString Method that creates a string containing all information of object
                   5. Method to calculate the weekly pay (keep in mind overtime pay)
                      *Overtime pay is anything above 40. It's also 1.5 times the amount of your normal hourly pay.
                      
Main Program:
Variables needed:  1. Employee Numer(Integer)
                   2. First Name (String)
                   3. Last Name(String)
                   4. Hourly Pay (Double)
                   5. Hours (Double)
                   6. Array of Employees with size 5
                   7. Scanner object
                   
Objective:         1. Read from file
                   2. Use a loop to store the values obtained from the file into the array of objects
                      *Used a while loop since you've seen it done this way before
                   3. Ask user to input which employee profile they want to display
                      *Made employee profile and employee number the same, because it's easier this way
                   4. Use a swtich statement to display the profile
                      *Default case displays all profiles
                   5. Ask user to input employee number (store this value for later use)
                   6. Ask user to input hours worked (store this value for later use)
                   7. Use weeklyPay method from Employee class to calculate the employee's weekly pay
                   8. Display the employees weekly pay
